Msal Angular v3 initialization changes and doc updates (#5896)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-angular/docs/v2-v3-upgrade-guide.md

# Upgrading from MSAL Angular v2 to v3

MSAL Angular v3 brings our Angular wrapper up-to-date with the latest version of MSAL common, and with out-of-the-box support for Angular 15 and rxjs 7.

This guide will demonstrate changes needed to migrate an existing application from `@azure/msal-angular` v2 to v3. 

If you are migrating from `@azure/msal-angular` v1, please refer to the [v1-v2 migration guide](./v2-docs/v1-v2-upgrade-guide.md) first to migrate to MSAL v2.

Please also see the [MSAL Browser Migration Doc](../../msal-browser/docs/v2-migration.md) for browser support and other key changes.

## Breaking changes in `@azure/msal-angular@3`

### `MsalRedirectComponent` is now mandatory

MSAL v3.x now requires initializing the application object. Initialization has been built into the `MsalRedirectComponent`, bootstrapping the component is now **MANDATORY**.

See the [guide to redirects](./v2-docs/redirects.md) on how to add `MsalRedirectComponent` to your application.

### The `allowNativeBroker` flag

> The `allowNativeBroker` flag is now turned on by default in the configurations. To turn it off, configure your app as follows:

Reviewer: Please remove the section on how to disable it.  If you feel really strongly about leaving it in, please update the comment to say ''// Disables native brokering support" vs "// Disables WAM Broker"

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest the messaging around turning it off be focused on unsupported scenarios e.g.

```suggestion
The `allowNativeBroker` flag is now turned on by default in the configurations. If you're using a B2C authority you can turn it off as follows:
```

```js
export function MSALInstanceFactory(): IPublicClientApplication {
    return new PublicClientApplication({
        auth: {
            ...
        },
        cache: {
            ...
        },
        system: {
            allowNativeBroker: false, // Disables native brokering support
        }
    });
}
```

## Angular 15 and rxjs@7

> MSAL Angular now expects that your application is built with `@angular/core@15`, `@angular/common@15`, `rxjs@7`. As with MSAL Angular v2, `rxjs-compat` is not required.

Reviewer 3: Should we also note that this isn't backward compatible?

Author: Good point. Noted and updated.
